It turns out that Antonio David comes across
a video of that youtuber,
whether it's because Rem remember makes some videos
that are really good and of course he comes
across a video of Rem remember and
uploads it to his YouTube channel 40
minutes of video I mean it's not like he
makes a click a reaction no no no 40
minutes of video he uploads it to his channel I
mean he comes across that video he
likes the video and considers that he has the
right to upload it to his channel that was
tremendous girl but that doesn't fit
with what he preaches later No no it's heavy
and also Thank goodness the guy realized it
Honestly I do that I would feel
so bad that I would self-criticize I say
forgive me done this not to happen again such a
guy self-criticism please
self-criticism is that please I don't know
the YouTube rules whatever you know
something like that it's that I really But if it's that we
all make mistakes if it is that
well mistakes a mistake is putting your
carce ends upside down that you
find yourself on a Claro channel er
mistakes of doing things wrong I
mean it's  bad because it is terrible, that is
not a mistake, that is having
nerve